Argan Oil Shampoo & Conditioner Set 500ml
Product Overview: Get ready to transform your hair with our Argan Oil Shampoo & Conditioner Set 500ml! Enriched with t

LE 387.00 EGP Regular priceLE 430.00 EGP

Product Overview:
Get ready to transform your hair with our Argan Oil Shampoo & Conditioner Set 500ml! Enriched with the nourishing power of Moroccan Argan oil, our sulfate-free shampoo and conditioner work together to cleanse, moisturize, and revitalize dry and damaged hair, leaving it looking healthy, shiny, and full of life.

Benefits Of Argan Oil Shampoo & Conditioner Set 500ml:
1 - Promotes hair growth.
2 - Reduces frizz.
3 - Restores dry and damaged hair.
4 - Moisturizes and nourishes hair.
5 - Gives hair strength and softness.
6 - Helps detangle knots.
7 - Adds an alluring shine.

Features Of Argan Oil Shampoo & Conditioner Set 500ml :
1 - A precious blend of Argan oil, Jojoba oil, and green tea extract.
2 - Sulfate-free formula.
3 - Free of harsh chemicals like parabens, sulfates, silicone, or mineral oils.
4 - Not tested on animals.
5 - Large 500 ml size.

Directions:

Shampoo:
Apply to wet hair, massage from the scalp through to the ends, then rinse the hair thoroughly.
Our sulfate-free shampoo will clean and moisturize hair locks, supporting healthy hair growth and giving each strand strength and softness without stripping away its natural oils.

Conditioner:
Apply a moderate amount after washing your hair with Raw African shampoo.
Spread evenly and run your fingers or a wide tooth comb through your hair to work the conditioner.
Leave for two minutes, then rinse out with water.

Enriched with Moroccan Argan oil, this hair conditioner instantly moisturizes and nourishes the hair with a deeply hydrating formula that gives the hair an alluring shine and tames unwanted frizz. It helps restore dry and damaged hair strands while locking in moisture to detangle knots right away and achieve irreversible softness!

With the nourishing power of Argan oil, our shampoo and conditioner set is the perfect choice for anyone looking to transform their hair and achieve a healthy, shiny, and revitalized look.

Try it today and see the difference!